[DHReSCUnit/project-management#21] add Nov 27th deadline (#12)
DHReSCUnit/dhrescunit.github.io: content/posts/project.md

+++

> title = 'Submit Your Project to DHReSCU! by November 27th'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = 'Submit Your Project to DHReSCU by November 27th!'
```
